Journal Entry number one: October 10th, it’s a cloudy day with a nice breeze. 
My name is Harriette, I’m twenty-one years old and I have an interest in dolls and ventriloquist dolls.
Ever since I was little I’ve always had an interest in dolls and making them. 
I started sewing when I was about eleven years old, obviously I wasn’t very good at it, and had failed 
countless times. 
I started taking sewing lessons in the 10th grade, and had improved from then on. 
Today I sewed doll outfits and make dolls myself. 
I order beautiful porcelain dolls and do all the work from there. 
I aspire to open up my own porcelain doll shop, but for now I take commissions online from strangers 
who adore my work. 
My best friend, Nyla, has her own online business as a painter. 
She takes commissions and such, her art skills are incredible. 
She will sometimes help me when I’m running behind on commissions for my own online business. 
She’s an amazing helping hand.
Harriette then closes her journal, it was a custom journal from Nyla. 
She had painted the front, it was a beautiful design she came up with. 
It was a beautiful violet with some black butterflies on the front. 
Harriette admires it for a second more before setting it down and going to sleep.
Twenty minutes later Harriette gets up from her nap, she sits up and scratches her head before getting up 
and stumbling towards her bedroom door. 
Harriette leaves her humble room and goes down the stairs. 
She gets to the bottom of the stairs and starts off towards her kitchen. 
She stands in the doorway for a second to see the figure in the kitchen more clearly. 
It’s Nyla, she’s standing against the counter top on her phone, waiting for her kettle to go off. 
Nyla looks up and spotted Harriette standing in the entryway,
“Good morning sleepy head.” Smiles Nyla, slightly tilting her head downwards while looking at 
Harriette. Harriette just smiles.
 “Good morning Nyla, how are you doing this morning?” 
Harriette asks while going for the fridge. 
Nyla just shakes her head. 
“I’m doing quite well, thanks for asking.” 
Harriette looks up from the fridge towards Nyla. 
“So, it’s okay for me to ask you how you’re doing, but you don’t ask back?” 
Harriette says in a hurtful tone, grabbing the milk and closing the fridge, a pouting lip and sad eyes wiped 
on her face. 
Nyla laughs hysterically, 
“Okay, okay! 
How are you doing this morning?” 
Harriette’s pouting face disappears within a second.
 “I’m good, got to use that journal you gave me for my birthday.” 
Harriette says while getting cereal out of the cabinet beside the fridge.
“Oh, have you now? You enjoy writing in it?” 
Asked Nyla. 
“Yes, it will be a nice way to cope with things and stuff.” Harriette says as she sets a bowl on the counter, 
Nyla just looks at her and rolls her eyes, she just goes back to doing whatever she was doing on her 
phone. Harriette continues making her sloppy breakfast, she was planning on going out soon for groceries 
and other stuff-- *SCREACH*. Harriette jumped at the sudden sound, snapping her out of her thoughts. 
Oh, the kettle is going off. Nyla notices her jumps and starts laughing, 
“That scared you, didn’t it!” Harriette looks away with embarrassment,
 “It sure as hell did not!” Nyla’s laughter died down into small giggles as she made her way to the kettle 
to move it. Harriette looks at Nyla,” 
I’m going out later to get some things, so if you need anything tell me now or just send a text.” Harriette 
informs Nyla while she eats her captain crunch. 
“Oreos and more tea packets.” Nyla shows Harriette the empty Oreo container and tea box.
“Please.” 
Nyla says, looking guiltily at Harriette. Harriette just gives her an annoyed look, “Didn’t I just get you 
those Oreos five days ago?” 
Nyla just ignores her knowing she was right. Harriette rolls her eyes, 
“Fine.”
“Thank youuuu.” Nyla says, still not making eye contact with her.
Harriette walks towards the sink and puts her bowl down, 
“Only if you do the dishes.” 
The tower of dishes was getting taller. 
Before Nyla could protest Harriette had already left. 
Harriette went upstairs and changed into a nice black sweater with a grey design, a black skirt, fishnets, 
black leg warmers, and her combat boots. 
She then grabbed her purse backpack and left her room
Heading out the door she yelled bye to Nyla, who was still waiting in the kitchen. 
Harriette walked out the door and headed off to her car. 
She got in her car, putting the keys in the ignition. 
The car started, she got her phone out and opened Spotify and clicked on her car playlist.
Music came out of the speakers, satisfied she put the car in reverse and left for the grocery store. 
Harriette started jotting down things she needed at the store in her head while driving, she was bobbing 
her head to the music while slowing down at a stop light. 
The light then turned green and she pressed down on the gas slightly. 
Fifteen minutes went by way too fast for her liking as she pulled into the Hy-Vee parking lot. 
She took the keys out of the ignition and grabbed her backpack that was sitting in the passenger seat. 
She dropped her phone and keys into her purse after shutting and locking the car door. 
She walked towards the front doors, seeing pumpkins and scarecrows outside. 
She smiled to herself, getting excited over the little things for Halloween. 
She walked inside the store, grabbing a cart and going on her merry way. 
She started down the first aisle, bread. 
She needed bread, she looked around for a little bit before seeing the bread she wanted. 
She grabbed her bread and put it in the child's seat, not wanting it to get smashed by all the other things 
later.
The grocery shopping took about thirty minutes to grab everything, don’t worry she got the Oreos too.
She started putting things on the conveyor belt, everything slowly moved towards the cashier. 
The cashier grabbed the milk bottle and scanned it, then put it in a bag. 
More things came along as Harriette was starting to finish up. 
The cashier and Harriette made small talk for a little bit before finishing up. 
Harriette put all her things in the cart and then left. 
Heading outside Harriette was thinking about getting some coffee for herself and Nyla. 
Harriette got to her car and opened the back, she started putting her groceries in the car. 
After she was done she closed the back door, she went and put the cart away and then got in her car.
Harriette put her keys in the ignition, her music came on along with it. 
She put her car in reverse and backed out of the parking spot, she then put it in drive and left. 
She exited the parking lot going onto the street, there was a coffee shop right across from the Hy-Vee.
She somehow safely made her way to the coffee shop parking lot. 
She parked her car, she grabbed her purse and turned off the car. 
She got out and shut the door behind her, locking the car. 
She walked inside the coffee shop, the fresh smell of coffee beans being crushed and the hint of sweet 
creamer going into steaming fresh coffee hit her nose. 
It was a good feeling she had. 
Harriette went up to the counter and ordered her and Nyla’s coffee. 
Once she paid she went and sat down next to the window, (being the main character she is) she sat there 
until her coffee was ready. 
Once her coffee was ready Harriette got up and went to get it. 
She then left the coffee shop, both drinks in hand. 
She got in her car and drove off.
On her way back she was still listening to her music, she passed by a very odd building. 
She has taken this route before and has never seen this building.
 It had a sign that said ‘Antiques’. 
That caught her attention. 
She decided to park on the side of the road and walk towards the building's doors. 
I went down this route two days ago, and this store was not here. 
No construction or anything that would give away that a store was gonna be here. 
Harriette thought to herself. 
She grabbed the door handle and twisted it. 
She let go, the door opening inside all the way by itself. 
Feeling a bit uneasy she sucked in a big breath and let it out slowly before cautiously walking inside the 
Antique store. 
Once she was inside the door closed by itself. 
Yea, that really helped her uneasiness. 
She walked around to see if anyone was working, she couldn’t find anyone. 
She looked at all the beautiful antiques that the store had collected.
 Something blue shined in the corner of her eye. 
She looked towards the glittering light, and there sat a beautiful doll. 
She fell in love at the sight of the doll. 
She walked towards her and carefully picked her up. 
She had long raven shiny hair, a beautiful 1800’s baby blue dress, perfect eggshell white porcelain skin 
with rosy cheeks and pretty pink lips. 
Then her eyes, they were a beautiful ocean blue with a hint of grey, her eyes almost looked real! 
She admired her for a second more before-- 
“HEY!” 
Harriette jumped at the sudden yell, making her almost drop the doll! Harriette turned around to see an 
old man in a dirtied, apron and dingy, white clothes. 
“What do you think you’re doing in here?”, 
Said the old man. 
Harriette finally registered what was happening, putting down the doll. 
“I’m so sorry sir! I didn’t know I wasn’t supposed to be touching things.” 
The man looked her up and down, 
“You’re going to regret coming here little girl. 
Anyone who steps foot into this building never leaves the same as before.” 
Harriette had a look of terror wash over her face, taking a step back towards the door. 
Harriette muttered an apology before leaving the store. 
She rushed towards her car, wanting to get home as fast as she could. 
Harriette fumbled with her keys before unlocking her car and getting inside. 
She put the keys in the ignition and drove off.
Harriette opened her eyes and started gasping for air. 
She got up, looking around confused and dazed. 
She was back in her room? 
But the groceries, the coffee! 
She shot up out of her bed fast and rushed downstairs and out the door to her car, ignoring Nyla’s yelling 
she opened the car trunk and saw no groceries, she then opened her car door and didn’t see a single coffee 
cup in sight. 
She was so confused, the dream felt so real. 
Nyla came outside sputtering nonsense to herself before going up to Harriette, 
“What’s wrong Harriette? 
Why are you so worked up?” 
Harriette looked at Nyla, before taking a deep breath and walking back inside. 
Nyla was left with a confused look on her face, she then followed Harriette back inside.
Harriette sat down on the couch with her face in her hands. 
Nyla sat down next to her in silence, Harriette then spoke up,
“I had the weirdest, yet horrifying dream. 
I went grocery shopping and got some coffee too, on my way back home I saw this Antique shop that was 
never there before. 
I parked my car and went inside and I didn’t see anyone but I did find this doll. 
I had picked her up and then this old man came out of nowhere and had told me that I shouldn't have 
come there and that nobody leaves the same as before. 
That’s when I left, I was terrified of him, and then I woke up here.” 
Harriette finished. Nyla was stunned,
“That’s strange, thank god it was just a dream you seemed really scared.” 
Nyla just hugged Harriette as they sat in a comfortable silence. 

Journal entry number 2: October 15th, 9:56 pm. 
It’s been a couple days since the nightmare, and everything just seems off. 
My head hurts nonstop, things have been disappearing and reappearing, I’ve been getting random letters.
It’s so strange, nothing like this has happened before. 
Nyla also thinks it’s weird, she's never experienced things like this before. 
But something also keeps happening that I won’t tell her. 
I keep seeing those ocean blue eyes’ that doll I saw in my dreams. 
That one feature is engraved into my brain, it’s starting to creep me out. 
I’m just hoping that writing all this down will help me out with these problems. 
Harriette looks at the writing, satisfied with what she got out onto the paper. 
She closes the journal and sets it on her bedside table. 
She turns off her lamp and lays down under her warm comforter, it was starting to get very cold out so the 
comforter really helped her out in the long run. 
With that Harriette finally closes her eyes and lets sleep take the wheel. 
*Ding Dong!*.....
*Ding Dong!*.....
*Ding Dong!* 
Harriette slowly opens her eyes. 
*Ding Dong!* 
Harriette looks at her alarm clock on her bed side table, “3:37 am…,” Harriette muttered. 
*DING DONG!!!*
 Harriette finally sits up in her bed, she’s so confused as to why someone is at the door this early in the 
morning, and why hasn’t Nyla gotten up to the loud doorbell? 
She's such a light sleeper. 
Harriette finally decides to get up and head downstairs, she cautiously heads to the kitchen and quietly 
grabs a knife. 
She then slowly proceeds to the front door. 
She gets to the door, she slowly goes for the doorknob. 
She grabs the doorknob and slowly twists it till it can’t twist anymore. 
She then swings the door open to find- no one there. 
She drops her hands to her side, she pokes her head out of the door and looks around. 
Yea, no one’s there. 
Harriette was about to close the door when she saw something blue out of the corner of her eye. 
Harriette looks down and sees a white box with a baby blue ribbon tied around it. 
That’s the first red flag, but curiosity peaked her interest. 
She picked up the box and brought it inside, closing the door behind her.
She takes the box to her dining room table, she sets it down and just looks at it. 
She decided that it wouldn’t hurt to open it. 
Harriette undid the baby blue ribbon, she unwrapped it from around the box and set it aside. 
Something told her to keep going, and that she did, she took the knife she had and cut through the tape.
She opened the box lids, and there she saw a letter sitting atop tissue paper. 
Harriette took the letter, she inspected it and saw that it was a pretty old looking letter with a wax stamp.
The wax stamp was blue with an eye on it. 
That should’ve been her 2nd red flag.
 She opened the letter and saw a paper sitting inside of it. 
Harriette took the paper out and unfolded it, on the paper was blue ink. 
What it said had finally gotten her attention. 
It read ‘Roses are red, violets are blue, you tried running, but I found you. :)’.
Harriette’s blood ran cold as her face went as white as snow. 
She slowly looked towards that damned white box. 
She set the letter down and was now moving her hands towards the tissue paper. 
She didn’t want to but it’s like her body wasn’t in control anymore. 
Something was making her do it. She unwrapped the tissue paper and almost screamed. 
There sat in the bedding of tissue paper, the doll she saw at the antique shop. 
She didn’t know how it found her, or how it was real! 
She only saw the doll in her dream!! 
She just looked at the doll with a terrified face, those eyes. 
Those damn eyes were the same eyes she would see in her dream. 
They were so life-like, they didn’t look fake at all. 
They look like they were plucked out of someone's head and put in a porcelain one.
Her body moved on its own and picked up the doll. 
This doll was not like any other, the eyes looked too real up-close, like it was alive. 
Harriette touched the doll's hair but then quickly moved her hands away, her hair is real. 
The doll has real hair, it didn’t feel like that cheap plastic or tough hair dolls usually have. 
This hair felt like silk, it was soft like human hair. 
This didn’t make sense in Harriette’s mind. 
How does this doll that she has only seen in her dream suddenly appear on her doorstep early in the 
morning. 
The doll has human-like eyes and real human hair as well. 
Something wasn't right. 
Harriette quickly put the doll back in the bedding of tissue along with the note, she closed the box and put 
the ribbon back around it. 
She grabbed the whole thing and grabbed her keys, she went outside with both in hand and put the box in 
the passenger side of the car. 
Harriette put the keys in the ignition and reversed out of the driveway, she put the car in drive and left the 
neighborhood. 
Harriette drove for about thirty minutes before stopping on a bridge. 
The bridge was high from the water, Harriette got the box out of the passenger seat and got out of the car.
She stood right before the wall that divided them, she put the box out in front of her and dropped it. 
She stood there and waited till she could see that the box hit the water. 
It did, finally feeling relief she got back in her car and left.
Harriette was driving back home feeling better, she was now listening to her music and she felt at peace 
with herself. 
Harriette was excited to get back home and be engulfed by her bedsheet-- *SKIRRRRRRR*, a car lost 
control and was coming straight for her. 
Everything was in slow motion for Harriette, she quickly swerved and dodged the car but she lost control 
of her own car. 
She was swerving everywhere and then crashed into a ditch. 
Harriette was okay thankfully, Harriette unbuckled and just sat there waiting for the adrenaline to slow 
down.
Once she was okay Harriette opened her car door and got out to see if the other car was okay. 
She saw that the car crashed into the tree, oh no…, thought Harriette. 
She rushed over to see if the passengers were okay. 
She went up to the driver window and saw that the driver had hit head first into their dashboard, there was 
blood. Everywhere. 
The passenger was dead, but she heard crying. 
Harriette went and opened the door next to the drivers and saw a baby. 
The baby was no older than one, she had green eyes and beautiful brown hair. 
Harriette quickly unbuckled the baby and took her into her own arms. Harriette grabbed her phone and 
dialed 911.
Waiting for them to pick up she saw something else out of the corner of her eyes, the blue ribbon. 
That god forsaken blue ribbon.
She quickly went and got in her car with the baby still in her arms, the operator finally picked up. 
“911 what’s your emergency?”.
“Yes hi! 
I need an ambulance immediately please! I’m on 291 right in front of the city! Please hurry!!”, begged 
Harriette.
“Alright ma’am an ambulance is on its way, can you explain what had happened?”. 
Harriette began explaining what had happened with the accident.
17 minutes went by and the cops and ambulance arrived, the cops came up to her and saw the baby.
Harriette explained that the baby was the drivers and that she couldn’t just leave her in the car. 
Harriette looked over at the totaled vehicle and saw they had gotten the person out, they had hit their head 
so hard you could see a dent. 
The person was definitely dead, Harriette just looked at the baby girl and saw that she was sleeping, 
Harriette just smiled to herself and thanked god that she was okay. 
The police officer she was talking to earlier came up to her, 
“The father was pronounced dead sadly, we think he was intoxicated. 
We tried looking for any relatives but found that there were none, that means the baby has no one to go 
to. 
We were hoping that you could take her in until we found her a home.”
Harriette was taken aback by the sudden offer. Me?! Taking care of a baby? I mean, it can’t be that hard 
right? (It’s hard.)  
Harriette convinced herself in her head. 
“Yea, yea I can take her in.'' Harriette finally answered. 
“Great, I'll let everyone know. 
Thank you.” 
The officer said walking away. 
They brought the car seat to Harriette to put in her car. 
Harriette got the seat in and then put the baby in, she then got in the driver's seat and started the car. 
The ditch wasn’t a problem to get out of thankfully, Harriette then reversed and after a couple minutes 
was back on the road. 
She thanked the officers and left. 
Harriette definitely stopped at a few places to get thinks for the baby, diapers, bottles, formula, all that 
good stuff. 
Harriette finally got home after what felt like hours, which it was because it was currently almost 6 in the 
morning. 
Harriette parked in the driveway, she got out and unbuckled the baby and got all the essentials for her.
Harriette opened her house door and entered her humble abode. 
She put all the bags down in the living room and got out the formula and bottles. 
She then made her way to the kitchen. She turned on the kitchen light, 
“Where have you been?!?!” screamed Nyla.
“SHHHH” shushed Harriette while pointing at the baby. 
Nyla just stood there with a shocked smile and wide eyes, she clearly missed out on something.
“Why the hell do you, Harriette Chriswell, have a baby?” Nyla said, not moving from her original 
position. 
Harriette then sighed knowing she would have to explain everything, again. 
Harriette told Nyla to sit down and she’d tell her everything. 
Nyla listened and sat down, waiting to hear this crack story of Harriette’s. 
Harriette then went over and opened the formula while explaining the story. 
“Wow.” is all that Nyla could say. 
“So, let me get this straight okay? 
You found the doll from your nightmare, got freaked out, drove ALL the way to a bridge and dropped it 
in the water. 
Was going home until some drunk was about to hit you, finding out he was DEAD, took the baby, called 
the cops and they said IT WAS OKAY TO TAKE THE BABY?!” Nyla exclaimed.
Harriette just sighed and nodded, 
“That’s exactly what had happened.” 
Nyla puts her head in her hands and just sits there thinking. Harriette just stood there trying to burp the 
baby. 
“She’s getting tired Nyla, it’s been an awful night.
 I saw we just head to bed and go over things in the morning.” 
Nyla just looks at her and silently agrees. 
They both head upstairs into their rooms without saying goodnight. 
The next morning Harriette wakes up to the baby just looking a her, Harriette looks back at her and 
notices she has the same ocean blue eyes that doll had, Harriette just shakes it off as nothing and gets up 
to change her. 
Harriette gets the diaper and wipes and begins doing what needs to be done, once she’s finished she 
buttons the bottom up and picks the little girl up and looks at her eyes again, they’re green now. 
Harriette was just confused now, she swears the baby had the same blue eyes as the doll but now they’re 
green? 
She shakes it off as a hallucination from being tired this morning, Harriette holds the baby and walks 
down the stairs to the kitchen to prepare a bottle for her.
Once in the kitchen she sees Nyla at the table eating cereal. 
“Good morning new mother.” Says Nyla.
“Good morning Grumpy mother.” mocks Harriette, as Nyla rolls her eyes while smiling. 
Harriette makes the baby her bottle and then starts to feed her. 
Nyla and Harriette talk for a little while, Harriette smiled, Things will get better. I just know it, she 
thought.
Journal entry 7: October 29th 4:26 pm. 
Things have been good lately, the air is crisp, it’s been sunny out. 
Me and Nyla have been taking care of the baby together, and surprisingly she’s a good mom. 
The baby who is now known as Crystal is a really good baby, but something has been up lately with her.
She has been real sick for the past 2-ish weeks, and it’s really starting to worry me and Nyla. 
We took her to the doctor but they said everything was fine with her. 
Crystal is clearly not just ‘fine’, she’s really sick.
But something else was also happening, her green eyes are turning more blueish, and her brown hair is 
getting a lot darker than it originally was. 
I wonder if something else is going on.
Harriette closed her journal and set it aside. 
She looked down at the small being sleeping besides her. 
Right now she was wearing this pretty baby blue dress with white polka dots and white lace, it almost 
looks like something from the 1800’s. 
Harriette then thought of something, she paid attention to how she looked all together, then it clicked. 
The doll. 
Crystal looked exactly like the doll, Harriette quickly went and got Nyla. 
“Nyla!! We need to go right now!!” Harriette said in a panicked voice.
“Wait what’s happening? What's Wrong?” Nyla asked clearly concerned.
“It’s about Crystal--” *DING DONG. 
Harriette was cut off before she could finish. 
Harriette looked at the front door, she slowly walked towards it and opened the door. 
There sat a white box, with a blue ribbon tied around it. 
Harriette stood in horror. 
She picked up the box and opened it, taking the doll out. 
“Go get crystal and meet me at the church.” Harriette said leaving behind Nyla before she could speak.
Harriette got in the car and left, going towards the church. 
She kept an eye on the raven-haired doll in the passenger seat. 
*RING RING* 
Harriette picked up the phone and saw it was Nyla calling, she answered her phone without hesitation. 
“Harriette, Crystal is throwing up, what is it? 
Blood I think? 
She also looks very pale. 
What do I do?” 
Harriette’s suspicions were correct. Harriette finally spoke up,
“Bring her to the church now!! I know what’s happening to her! 
I don’t have time to explain I’m almost at the church.” 
Harriette then hung up and pulled into the parking lot of the catholic church. 
Harriette parked her car and grabbed the doll along with her keys. 
She went inside the church and looked for the priest. 
“Hello!!? Is anyone here??” Harriette yelled out. 
“Yes? Hello, how may I help you?” 
Said the priest, he seemed to have come from the podium.
“Hi father, I need your help with an exorcism, this doll has possessed my daughter and I didn’t know who 
else to come to for help.” 
Harriette explained. 
The priest looked surprised, but before he spoke Nyla came through the door with Crystal in her arms.
“Harriette! 
What is going on? 
What’s happening to Crystal--”
“WAHH, WAHH, WAHH” Crystal screamed. 
Harriette and the Priest took notice.
“Nyla step over to the Priest please! 
She can’t be near this doll, it’s hurting her!” 
Harriette exclaimed. 
Nyla walked over to the priest and stood right next to him. 
The priest knew what was going on now, and knew exactly what to do. 
The priest told them to follow him but to keep a distance between them. 
The priest took them to a room, the room had a couch on the left side of the room, in the middle stood a 
desk with a lamp on and some papers, on both sides of the desk against the wall were bookshelves filled 
with books. 
The priest took a step inside and sat down at his desk, he had Nyla sit on the couch with Crystal and 
Harriette sit down on the chair in front of his desk. 
“Tell me Harriette, what is going on.” said the Priest, Harriette began explaining about how the doll might 
be trying to possess Crystal and how it’s hurting her and changing how she looks. 
The priest asked if he could see the doll, Harriette nodded and handed him the doll. 
Once the doll was in his possession he saw something, he saw some sort of figure standing over Nyla and 
Crystal.
He gave the doll back to Harriette, Harriette looked confused. 
“There is nothing wrong with the doll, something is attached to it, and is trying to attach itself to your 
daughter.” 
The Priest said, Nyla and Harriette looked at each other with horrified faces.
“What can we do? Do we perform an exorcist, father?” Harriette asked, the Priest nodded and walked 
over to Crystal. 
He asked Nyla if he could hold her, she allowed him. 
He gently took Crystal from Nyla and walked over to his bookshelf and his desk, he grabbed some things 
and walked back over and sat down next to Nyla. 
“I need you two to help me with this.
 It will save your daughter.” Nyla and Harriette nodded, Harriette got up and sat next to Nyla.
The Priest gave the baby to Nyla, and gave holy water to Harriette. 
He told Harriette to put some holy water on her finger and to smear it in a cross form on Crystal's head.
She did what was asked, the priest then began reading from his bible. 
Nyla grabbed Harriette’s hand in hope that they could fix this. 
They both looked at Crystal and saw that she was getting paler, she was dying. 
The Priest kept reading and reading, then finally a screech erupted out of Crystal. 
It was haunting. 
Things in the room started being thrown around and flying. 
Papers were flying everywhere, books were being thrown, crosses were turning upside down. 
The creature was not happy as the Priest kept reading from his bible. 
“In the name of god, I condemn you back to hell!” 
Crystal was still letting out that haunting screech. 
Things were still being tossed around, things were still flying. 
Then, it all stopped. 
Books were dropped, papers were everywhere on the ground. 
Some picture frames fell and broke from all the commotion. 
It was all over. 
Harriette let out a sigh of relief, but she noticed something. 
The glass from the picture frames were floating and pointing towards Nyla. 
Before Harriette could react the glass shards were flying towards Nyla.
“NYLA!!” 
Nyla looked over at what Harriette was pointing at. 
Nyla ducked her head as the glass hit the wall behind her. 
Nyla ducked in time, and missed the shards of glass from impaling her in the head. 
Harriette sat there in shock, not being able to move. 
It finally registered in her head, ‘The shards missed her by a second.’, Harriette was now crying tears of 
relief as she went and hugged Nyla and Crystal. 
The priest picked up the doll and set it on his desk. He walked back over to the three girls, 
“The demon has been fully detached from your daughter, she will be okay.” 
The Priest told them. 
They both looked at each other and the Crystal, she wasn’t pale anymore, her hair was back to her natural 
color, but her eyes were different. 
She had both blue and green eyes, she looked really pretty. They both simultaneously let out a sigh of 
relief,
“Thank you so much father, I don’t know what I would’ve done without you.” Harriette thanked. 
The priest just smiled,
“Of course, now I’m gonna call someone to come and get this doll then start cleaning up. 
But for now, I’m putting it in a glass case while I wait.” 
The girls thanked him once again and then left.
Journal entry number 38: June 24, 10:34 am.
 It’s been four years since the event. 
Crystal is now five years old. 
Me and Nyla are still her mothers, we couldn’t be happier. 
Crystal is such a intelligent little girl, her hair is now longer and beautiful, she still has her blue and green 
eyes. 
Thankfully she doesn’t remember what had happened, but we most likely will tell her when she's older.
The Priest had called someone by the name of Ed and Laurain Warren to come pick up the doll, they have 
the thing locked up, thankfully. 
Things can’t get any better.
The End.
1